#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass report
\use_default_options true
\master ../main.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 11
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Subsection*
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
thispagestyle{empty}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
This thesis is focused on the skills that must be performed by an autonomous
 robot to interact with objects in a complex environment.
 For a robot to manipulate and interact effectively with an object it must
 first learn the appearance of the object, determine the shape of the object,
 be able to recognise and localise the object in the environment and determine
 the physical properties of the object.
 We consider each of these skills in turn.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
A new method of object recognition using local image feature matching has
 been developed that is more accurate than existing methods, as well as
 being more efficient in some circumstances.
 Next we developed a system that combines robot initiated object motion
 and long term image feature tracking to accurately extract object features
 from complex scene images.
 This allows a robot to learn to recognise previously unseen objects in
 the presence of clutter, noise and background motion.
 The object feature matching and segmentation methods are then combined
 with 3D reconstruction methods to determine the object's shape.
 This is done by stitching together multiple views of the object.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
Physical properties (weight, friction, centre of mass, etc) are important
 factors in determining how a robot can use an object.
 However, unlike shape and appearance, these may be impossible to determine
 by passive observation.
 We have developed a method in which the robot performs experiments on the
 object, and uses the outcomes to update its knowlege of the object's physical
 properties.
 To perform the most informative experiments, a physics simulator is used
 to internally rehearse each experiment and its potential outcomes.
 The outcome of each experiment, after being performed on the physical object,
 is input back into the simulator forming a hypothesis-experiment-refinement
 loop.
 In this way the robot effectively learns the internal properties of an
 object.
 Finally, the robot uses this knowledge to plan and carry out a simple task
 in which the object is used as a tool.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
\begin_inset Newpage pagebreak
\end_inset


\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
thispagestyle{empty}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
