#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass report
\use_default_options true
\master ../main.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Subsection*
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
thispagestyle{empty}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Acknowledgements
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
They say 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

it takes a village to raise a child
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, and in my case this thesis is the proverbial child, and to raise it I
 needed the help of a proverbial village.
 First and foremost I must thank Claude Sammut, who provided much needed
 guidance and supervision.
 I've lost count of the number of times I was confused about which direction
 to take with my work, but after a talk with Claude things became much clearer
 and the path forward less obscured.
 Similarly I must thank Bernhard Hengst for helping me make sense of Bayesian
 probability and always having time to talk.
 Others, like Malcolm Ryan and Will Uther, always had their door open and
 willing to share their wisdom with a confused PhD student.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I also thank all of my peers in the lab who often provided much needed distracti
on from the day to day toils of a research student, and on occasions some
 surprising words of wisdom.
 Thank you Nawid and Anna for the advice on PhD life as well as providing
 the environment in which the Procrastination Vortex could form, far from
 my desk.
 Thanks to Rudi and Matt for keeping the hardware running, and thanks to
 Jayen for keeping the software running.
 Without you I am sure everything would fall apart in an instant.
 Finally thanks to everybody else in the lab, Brad, Bhuman, Tim Wiley, Tim
 Cerexhe, Jenny, Mike, Adrian, and Dave, for making the Level 3 lab a friendly
 and fun place to work.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A PhD is more than just the lab.
 Without a balanced life, friends and family, this long journey would have
 been impossible, or at least far from enjoyable.
 Thank you to all of my friends, your good company kept me sane.
 Most of all, thank you Emily for being there when I needed, being patient
 and understanding.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Finally the biggest thanks goes to my family, without whose support this
 would not be possible.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Newpage pagebreak
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
thispagestyle{empty}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
